tested code (#2)
icub-tech-iit/study-improve-head-edpr: log-joint/README.md

# Log joint data

> The snippet code allow to move a joint between two set points both in position and pwm control mode and logs following joint data:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The snippet code allows moving a joint between two set points both in position and PWM control mode and logs the following joint data:
```

- Pid reference
- Pid output
- Joint encoder 
- Motor current
- Motor encoder 
- Pwm reading
- Torque

The matlab script plots the logged data

## Compile the code
In order to compile the [code](src/main.cpp) do :

```console
cd src
mkdir build
cd build
ccmake ..
```

## Usage

> Is possible to run the code to control the joint both in `position` and `pwm` control mode by passing to it proper parameters via CLI.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is possible to run the code to control the joint both in `position` and `PWM` control mode by passing to it proper parameters via CLI.
```
